Thank you for downloading this Fontalicious® Font!


Do I have to pay anything to use it?

This font is free to use in any private, recreational manner for personal use only. You may use this font
for your own personal website or communications, or for personal design work you might do for a
friend, such as a birthday party invite, an indie band CD, or a personal website.

If you plan to use this font for non-profit, not-for-profit, or charity design work, you may use this font in
your design work for no charge, provided the non-profit organization sends a sample of the finished
work, along with a letter acknowledging the donation of a product (value of $99) from Fontalicious.

If you plan to use this font in a commercial manner for any design work that you will get paid for including;
the design of printed, online, or promotional materials; the creation of any digital or physical
products plan to resell for profit; or if you are using it to promote a business, product, or service that
makes income, or any other commercial use whatsoever, you must purchase a commercial usage
version of this font. If you’re not sure what other commercial uses require licensing, you can find out
more at: http://www.fontbros.com/support_license.php


How do I buy this font for commercial use?

That’s easy! Head to: http://www.fontbros.com/fontalicious.php - Also, when you purchase the commericial
usage version of this font, you will receive the updated OpenType version of the font.


Who is Font Bros and what do they have to do with Fontalicious?

The Font Bros http://www.fontbros.com became our exclusive distributor of the Fontalicious library in
2004 and handle all the licensing requests and font sales. Please contact them directly with any questions
related to us or our font library as directed below.


How can you contact us?

Head to http://www.fontbros.com/support_request.php and submit an online Support Request!


Any heavy legal you can hit me with?

Yep! All copies of the Software downloaded or installed, including the copy(ies) of any Software that
accompanies this document either as part of a downloaded file or on recorded media, such as, but not
limited to, magnetic or optical media, remain the exclusive property of Fontalicious. The Fontalicious
Font Software and the design of the Font embodied therein are the exclusive property of Fontalicious
and are protected under both domestic and international copyright, trademark and unfair competition
laws.

You have permission to redistribute this font freely as long as this PDF file is included. Please contact us
as indicated above if you wish to include this font on a CD-ROM.

This font is ©1992-2008 Fontalicious, all rights reserved. This font may not be resold or remarketed.

Fontalicious is a registered trademark of Globitron Inc
Please visit www.fontalicious.com everyday!

Thanks for reading this! Have a super day!

T H I S F O N T A L I C I O U S F O N T I S F O R P E R S O N A L U S E O N L Y