Some of you may wonder about the license that this font is under. And the tl:dr version is it's public domain, so you can freely use it how you want, you can freely redistribute it, and you can freely modify it.

The reason why public domain is below:

PurpleTinker released Celestia Medium as public domain prior to ceasing work on it, and since I did work the files directly this means I didn't generate any 'original' content, and so legally I have to release it under the same license.

I've never looked through any open source license in entirety, nor do I know the specifics of public domain, but from what I have come across - public domain feels the 'nice'-est of all licenses available, mainly because of the freedom it offers to anyone whom interacts with the content. The various strings attached to various copyleft materials/licenses detract from the apparent freedom they offer, and as someone who doesn't like strings I find this makes copyleft less attractive as a license.

That being said, I find many more complaints with how most copyright licenses are written. It has become the norm for most purchases of digital content to be a purchase of the license which grants you permission to use the content they cover, and not, in fact, a purchase of the content itself.

Allow me to give an example:


In the real world, if I purchase a deck of cards, I get a deck of cards, I'll have about 55 in total, and I can do whatever I want to those cards, and if they're still intact after I'm finished with them, I can sell them on to someone else to enjoy.

In the digital world I purchase a card game from the internet, what I purchase allows me 5 installations of said game. This alone informs me that I can press the 'accept license terms' a total of 5 times, any attempts with the same license code afterwards will fail, this mean my purchase is actually a purchase of 5 copies of the license, and not 5 copies of the game, otherwise I'd have to download the game files 5 times. The license will also make it illegal to change any parts of the game files, unlike the physical copy which I can change. The license also prevents liability to the publisher/manufacturer of the game should it cause damage to my computer, again unlike the physical copy, which if found to contain anything dangerous must be recalled by the seller/manufacturer by law. And most licenses purchase for digital downloads make it illegal to resell any unused copies of the license code.

So those are the reasons why this is public domain.

I don't know why you'd want to redistribute the font though, I'll be keeping it up for as long as I have hosting, which I don't plan on changing for a while yet.