End User License Agreement

Font Software for Desktop End User License Agreement.

WE RECOMMEND THAT YOU PRINT THIS FONT SOFTWARE FOR DESKTOP END USER
LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR FURTHER REFERENCE.

This Font Software for Desktop End User License Agreement (the Agreement) is a legal
agreement between you and Typodermic that governs the use of the Font Software that
you license from a Typodermic affiliated website, and which are accompanied by or refer
to this Agreement. This Agreement becomes a binding contract between you and
Typodermic when you install the fonts, use the fonts with software, upload the fonts, or
when you accept the Agreement by other means (for instance referring to the Agreement
in a purchase order, a confirmation email etc.). If you do not wish to be bound by the
Agreement, you cannot access, or use the Font Software. Please read this entire
Agreement before agreeing to be bound. The Agreement contains capitalized terms that
are defined in Section 9 of the Agreement.

You hereby agree to the following:


1. Binding Agreement. You are bound by the Agreement, and you acknowledge that all
use of the Font Software supplied to you by Typodermic for the purposes set forth
under this Agreement is governed by this Agreement.


2. License Grants. You are hereby granted, subject to all the terms and conditions herein,
a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable (except as expressly
permitted herein) license to allow your Licensed Desktop Users to:

 • install the Font Software on such Licensed Desktop User's Workstation(s);
 • install the Font Software on a Server on which the Font Software may only be
   accessed by your Licensed Desktop Users;
 • Use the Font Software on such Workstations or via such Server to:

(i) create, edit, view, print and distribute materials, provided that, (a) if you distribute such
materials, the materials do not contain the Font Software, and (b) if you create a static
graphic image with a representation of a typeface and typographic design or ornament,
such static graphic image does not correspond to glyphs or glyph combinations of the Font
Software which are individually addressed by software, a website, a hardware device or
other means to render such designs and ornaments; and/or

(ii) embed the Font Software into Electronic Documents and duplicate the Font Software
as an integrated part of any such Electronic Document, provided that Electronic
Documents with embedded Font Software may only be distributed if the Font Software
cannot be fully or partially extracted from such Electronic Documents.

(iii) make backup copies of the Font Software, provided that such copies are for your
internal backup purposes only and remain in your exclusive control. Any copies that you
are expressly permitted to make pursuant to this Agreement must contain the same
copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices that appear on or in the Font Software.


Commercial Printers. You may embed the Font Software in an Electronic Document solely
for print and view and provide such Electronic Document to a commercial printer for
printing only. You may take a copy of the Font Software used for a particular Electronic
Document to a commercial printer provided that the printer represents to you that it has
purchased or been granted a license to use the Font Software.


Trademarks. Although use of the Trademarks is not required, if you elect to do so, you
may use the Trademarks (i) in your advertising, publicity, literature, packaging and other
promotional activities in connection with the Font Software incorporated into your
products or materials, and (ii) to identify the Font Software that is/are embedded in or
accessed through your products or materials as permitted by this Agreement. You
acknowledge that Typodermic owns all right, title and interest in and to the Trademarks.

All rights not expressly granted in this Agreement are reserved to Typodermic.


3. License Limitations and Reporting.

The maximum number of Licensed Desktop Users who may exercise the rights granted to
you on your behalf may not exceed the number of Licensed Desktop Users indicated in
your Account or transaction documentation such as a quotation or an invoice when
licensing the Font Software. You are responsible for compliance with the terms of this
Agreement by all such Licensed Desktop Users. If the number of Licensed Desktop Users
was not indicated when you downloaded the Font software, the number is one.

You have licensed rights in this Agreement that may be subject to certain limitations in
volume, which are reflected in your Account or in your transaction documentation such as
a quotation or an invoice. You are obligated to maintain records with respect to your Use
of the Font Software against such licensed amounts and Typodermic or its agents has the
right to ask you, from time to time, to provide information regarding such Use amounts
and/or to fully document and certify that Use of any and all Font Software at the time of
the request is in conformity with your valid licenses from Typodermic, which you shall
provide to us within 30 days of our request. In the event your Use of the Font Software
exceeds your licensed amounts, you agree to license from Typodermic the necessary
additional amounts and pay any fee associated with such increase.


4. Restrictions on Use. You may not:

Transfer your license rights in the Font Software, except as expressly provided herein. You
may transfer all your rights to use the Font Software to another person or legal entity
provided that (i) the transferee accepts and agrees to be bound by all the terms and
conditions of the Agreement, (ii) you destroy all copies of the Font Soft-ware, including all
copies stored in the memory of a hardware device and (iii) there is no change to the intent
or scope of the rights granted by this Agreement as a result of such transfer.

Rent, lease, sublicense, give, lend, or further distribute the Font Software, or any copy
thereof, except as expressly provided herein.

Modify the Font Software in any way, including to create, directly or indirectly, Derivative
Works from the Font Software or any portion thereof (except as otherwise specifically set
forth herein). If the Font Software contains embedding bits that indicate that the Font
Software is only authorized for certain purposes, you may not change or alter the embedding bits.

Embed the Font Software in open-source software which may have the direct or indirect
effect of causing the Font Software to become Publicly Available Software or otherwise be
subject to a Publicly Available Software agreement.


5. Intellectual and Industrial Property Rights.

You agree that the Font Software is protected by the copyright law or other intellectual
and industrial property rights of the United States and its various States, by the copyright
law and other intellectual and industrial property rights of other nations, and by
international treaties.

You agree that Typodermic and or/its licensors own all right, title and interest in and to
the Font Software, its structure, organization, code, and related files, including all
intellectual and industrial property rights therein such as copyright, design and
trademarks rights.

You agree that the Font Software, its structure, organization, code, and related files are
valuable property of Typodermic and/or its licensors and that any intentional or negligent
Use of the Font Software not expressly permitted by the Agreement constitutes an
infringement of intellectual and industrial property rights.

All rights in and to the Font Software, including unpublished rights, are reserved under the
copyright laws of the United States and other jurisdictions.


6. Limited Warranty; Limitation of Liability. Typodermic warrants to you that the Font
Software will effect a faithful reproduction of the underlying typeface design which is of a
quality consistent with industry standards. To make a warranty claim, you must notify
Typodermic in text form within the Warranty Period, which could include via an email to
fontsupport@typodermicfonts.com and provide sufficient information regarding your
licensing of the Font Software to enable Typodermic to verify the existence and date of
the transaction. The entire, exclusive and cumulative liability and remedy shall be that
Typodermic will use reasonable efforts to cause the Font Software to effect a faithful
reproduction of the underlying typeface design which is of a quality consistent with
industry standards as soon as commercially practicable. TYPODERMIC DOES NOT
WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE FONT
SOFTWARE. THE FOREGOING STATES THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES FOR
TYPODERMIC'S BREACH OF WARRANTY. EXCEPT FOR THE FOREGOING LIMITED
WARRANTY, TYPODERMIC MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, AS TO NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, OR
FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT WILL TYPODERMIC BE LIABLE TO
YOU OR ANYONE ELSE (I) FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, LOST BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITIES, OR LOST SAVINGS, EVEN IF TYPODERMIC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR (II) FOR ANY CLAIM AGAINST YOU BY ANY THIRD
PARTY SEEKING SUCH DAMAGES EVEN IF TYPODERMIC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.


7. Termination. Upon failure by you or your Licensed Desktop User to comply with the
terms of this Agreement, Typodermic shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement upon
notice by regular mail, paid carrier or email. Upon termination of the Agreement, you
must destroy the original and any and all copies of the Font Software. The termination of the
Agreement shall not preclude Typodermic from suing you for damages of any breach
of the Agreement. The Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by an
authorized officer of Typodermic.


8. Terms and Conditions. You have separately agreed to Typodermic's standard Terms
and Conditions of Business which include provisions relating to governing law and
jurisdiction, export restrictions and U.S. government contracts. In the case of a conflict
between Typodermic's standard Terms and Conditions of Business and this Agreement,
this Agreement shall control.


9. Definitions:


Account means your account at the Typodermic affiliated website through which you
purchased the Font Software license that is subject to the terms of this Agreement (such as,
www.fonts.com, www.linotype.com, www.fontshop.com, www.myfonts.com,
www.typography.com


Commercial Electronic Document means an electronic document which may be
distributed to the general public (or to some subset of the general public) as a commercial
product for a fee or other consideration (for example, an e-book). For the avoidance of
doubt, an electronic document that is created for one's own internal use only or for
distribution in a manner that is incidental to its business (for example an instruction
manual that explains its product), is not considered a Commercial Electronic Document
under this Agreement.


Derivative Work means a work, including but not limited to software or data based upon
or derived from the Font Software (or any portion of Font Software) in any form in which
such software or data may be recast, transformed, or adapted including, but not limited
to, binary data in any format into which Font Software may be converted.


Electronic Document means an electronic document or data file, for example a .pdf
manual or an e-book, which is created by Use of the Font Software.


Font Software means software or instructions which, when used on an appropriate device
or devices, generates typeface and typographic designs and ornaments. Font Software
shall include all Subsets and bitmap representations of typeface and typographic designs
and ornaments created by or derived from the Font Software. Font Software includes
upgrades or updates (each of which may be provided to you by Typodermic in its sole
discretion), related files, permitted modifications, permitted copies, and related
documentation.


Licensed Desktop User means any user up to the number of individuals who may exercise
the license grants to the Font Software under this Agreement, as indicated in your
Account or transaction documentation such as a quotation or an invoice, whether or not
such user does actually exercise such rights. Licensed Desktop Users must be your
employees. The number of Licensed Desktop Users shall be counted regardless of whether
and when actual Use occurs and thus equal the total of all individuals who are authorized
and can potentially Use the Font Software during the Term (non-concurrent use).


Typodermic means collectively Typodermic Fonts Inc., its successors and assigns, its
parent, and affiliated, its authorized distributors, and any third party that has licensed to
Typodermic any or all of the components of the Font Software supplied to you pursuant to
the Agreement.

Publicly Available Software means a) any software that contains, or is derived in any
manner (in whole or in part) from, any software that is distributed as free software, open
source software (e.g. Linux) or similar licensing or distribution models; and (b) any
software that requires as a condition of use, modification and/or distribution of such
software that such software or other software incorporated into, derived from or
distributed with such software (i) be disclosed or distributed in source code form, (ii) be
licensed for the purpose of making Derivative Works, or (iii) be redistributable at no
charge.


Server means any server that is either (a) maintained on your premises; (b) under your
exclusive control; or (c) owned and controlled by a third party hosting service for your
benefit, provided that you (i) have a written agreement regarding the Use and protection
of the Font Software installed on such server, and (ii) shall remain responsible for any
unauthorized access to and security of the Font Software on such Server.


Trademarks means the trademark for each piece of Font Software licensed under this
Agreement or under which Typodermic markets the Font Software.


Use of the Font Software shall occur when an individual is able to give commands
(whether by keyboard or otherwise) that are followed by the Font Software, regardless of
the location in which the Font Software resides. Use of the Font Software shall also occur
when the software or instructions are executed.


Workstation means a hardware component in which an individual is able to give
commands (whether by keyboard or otherwise) that are followed by the Font Software or
implement the Font Software, regardless of the location in which the Font Software
resides.


Warranty Period means the period of validity of the warranties given by Typodermic in
this Agreement. Typodermic's standard Warranty Period is ninety (90) days from delivery.
If you enter into this agreement through a German distributor, the agreement is governed
by the laws of Germany, the warranty period is twelve (12) months from delivery.

Typodermic Font Software for Desktop End User License Agreement (v230123)
